README.md, before:

# Background

Alex strives to be technologically savvy as well as competent in business to serve as a valuable asset between the desires of management and a development team's capabilities. 

He uses his GitHub as a platform for testing out new tech and random ideas. 

## At Present

Alex is a Senior Manager of Engineering at Capital One. His role focuses on rapidly prototyping enterprise services to support internal staff efforts. This involves utilizing technologies such as Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) models for knowledge management suggestions, serverless Lambda functions and API Gateway for microservices, and AWS Fargate for containerized applications. His work spans across multiple teams and functions, ensuring seamless integration and optimal performance.

## Previously

* A Booz Allen Hamilton contractor in the Defense market with a focus in cloud and infrastructure software development.
* A contractor within the HHS market (FDA, CDC, and NCI) with a focus in technical leadership and data architectures within AWS.
* Zoomdata helping clients solve business intelligence problems by integrating their existing technology stacks into the multifaceted visualization and business intelligence suite.
* Booz Allen Hamilton where he focused on becoming an analytically-focused back-end developer and customer success lead for a suite of products.

## Education

* M.S. Data Analytics in Financial Engineering, George Mason University, 2019-2022
* B.S. Computer Science, University of Maryland, 2011-2015
* B.S. Psychology, University of Maryland, 2011-2015
* Minor Business Analytics, University of Maryland, 2013-2015

### Visitor Count

Welcome! 

<img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/awhipp/count.svg" />

Commit message:

Enhance README with Alex's current and past roles
Added details about Alex's professional role and investment strategy.

README.md, after:

# Background

Alex strives to be technologically savvy as well as competent in business to serve as a valuable asset between the desires of management and a development team's capabilities. His professional and academic career are evidence of his multifaceted interests and skill-sets. 

He uses his GitHub as a platform for testing out new tech and random ideas. 

## At Present

* Alex is a Senior Manager of Engineering at Capital One. His role focuses on rapidly prototyping enterprise services to support internal staff efforts. 
* Alex acts as a self-directed portfolio manager and executes on an investment strategy focused on consistent income generation. He manages the full pipeline which covers market analysis, risk management, and the tactical allocation of funds across various equity and options markets.

## Previously

* A Booz Allen Hamilton contractor in the Defense market with a focus in cloud and infrastructure software development.
* A contractor within the HHS market (FDA, CDC, and NCI) with a focus in technical leadership and data architectures within AWS.
* Zoomdata helping clients solve business intelligence problems by integrating their existing technology stacks into the multifaceted visualization and business intelligence suite.
* Booz Allen Hamilton where he focused on becoming an analytically-focused back-end developer and customer success lead for a suite of products.

## Education

* M.S. Data Analytics in Financial Engineering, George Mason University, 2019-2022
* B.S. Computer Science, University of Maryland, 2011-2015
* B.S. Psychology, University of Maryland, 2011-2015
* Minor Business Analytics, University of Maryland, 2013-2015

### Visitor Count

Welcome! 

<img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/awhipp/count.svg" />
